Fix and unify example docs (#19)
lightbend/cloudflow: examples/taxi-ride/README.md

$ buildAndPublish
```

> The above will build the application and publish application Docker images to the Docker registry, as configured in `target-env.sbt`./c

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command builds the application and publish application Docker images to the Docker registry, as configured in `target-env.sbt`./c
```

Author: This pre-existed will fix thanks.
